That was when it started to be in the
back of my head that oh, maybe I could
like be a creator. And I was making this
podcast, right? So, I was like, I'm
going to be just like these guys that
I'm interviewing once the channel blows
up. But, um it never really blew up.
Eventually, [music] I had to start the
job. So, I started the job and during
the job, which was a like this tech
consultant at this like big company, it
was just so much of a repeat of the
things I already experienced in my
internships. The only difference was
like this time I had this like side
project that was my ticket out of this
corporate like hole. Basically, my whole
schedule was evolved around optimizing,
reducing my work time for work, and
increasing the work time that I could do
for the podcast. The goal for me is to
decrease the amount of hours I work,
which would by effect increase the
number of my hourly rate. And then it
became sort of a game because I would
obviously want all my time to be towards
doing the [music] podcast. And so, the
job was like the least important thing
out of my entire life that I wanted to
just optimize away from.